Wonderful twists and turns
Step on it lightly
How are you
I'm here today to inform you of the position of the head of the family
What did Grandpa ask me to do?
It was also unanimously approved at the family meeting
And on the day of my wedding to the daughter of the Han family
Grandpa will personally ask the lord for the title of hereditary Marquis of Zhongshan
Hey, big brother, when you pick it up, I'm afraid I'm going to kneel down.
Hahahaha oh
I'm sorry, I forgot that my big brother is disabled, hahaha.
In this way, my franchise brother, you can let others help you kneel down for me in the future.
My young master is the first in line to inherit the Chen family
And the position of Marquis of Zhongshan can only be practiced by the eldest son of the Chen family
I don't know at all what the Chen family can vote on. Of course I know
That's why I need you to take the initiative to sign this, big brother.
Letter of commitment to transfer the inheritance rights and interests of the Chen family and the Hou of Zhongshan
Chen Nan
Head of the family
Lord Hou Zhi of Zhongshan
It doesn't matter to me at all
I advise you
No matter what you are plotting
Even if a little
You want to argue with me
I'm afraid you don't have the ability.
It's your fault that you rejected the general first
Rejected your father again
Two such big backers, don't choose this low-class inferior village woman
I don't know if you're stupid or not.
Zhongshan monkey
Is it awesome?